I ate dinner.	0
We had a three-course meal.	0
Brad came to dinner with us.	0
He loves fish tacos.	0
In the end, we all felt like we ate too much.	0
We all agreed; it was a magnificent evening.	0
That's just too big for me.	1
Put it in, then take it out slowly.	1
You'll love these ripe melons.	1
I personally like bananas.	1
I can't take this any more.	1
Come in a straight line.	1
Don't beat the meat too hard.	1
I really need a facial.	1
Thaat was one nasty blow.	1
Fill me up again.	1
It's going to be a bumpy ride.	1
I like how his balls drop.	1
It's so hard.	1
Make sure it's long enough.	1
Take it out slowly.	1
I think it's stuck.	1
I'll blow all of them at once.	1
New obesity study looks for larger test group.	1
I think women and seamen don't mix.	1
Wow, those are some huge melons you’ve got there.	1
Dirty hoe.	1
Everybody must get stoned.	1
If I said you had a beautiful body would you hold it against me.	1
Everybody wants my fanny.	1
Let me play with your poodle.	1
Please warm my weiner.	1
I need a little sugar in my bowl.	1
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.	1
Keep on churning till the butter comes.	1
Pay before you pump.	1
Big ten inch record.	1
My man stands out.	1
I'll call before I come.	1
The diving man’s coming up for air; cause the crowd all love pulling Dolly by the hair, by the hair.	1
Squeeze me baby; Until the juice runs down my leg; The way you squeeze my lemon I’m gonna fall right out of bed.	1
Come on and tease me like you do; I’m so in love with you; Mama’s got a squeeze box; Daddy never sleeps at night.	1
Man, I can’t even believe my luck; I found a girl who loves to fish; She wants to do it all the time.	1
I think this time around; I am gonna do it; Like you never do it; Like you never knew it.	1
It takes a lonely night with nowhere to go; Just call Rosanna; It’s a hell of a show.	1
Good golly Miss Molly; sure like to ball; When you’re rocking and a rolling; Can’t hear your momma call.	1
You think you can fit in there.	1
You ain’t stingy, split your tablets with me	1
Me and my doppelgänger have a system; My shoulder pain loads ammunition; These counterfeits are mostly sober; I pen the script, he pilots the saucer	1
How can I have all these fans and perspire?	1
I misuse with issues and pistols	1
Bitch, snow bunny be sniffing that snow	1
And I hit them pads like a boxing gym	1
“We’re on the upswing like we’re punchin’ the ceiling!”	1
;Stop screaming, bitch, you shouldn’t be that alarmed; When Big Lips is in the attic, armed with an addict’s arm	1
Y’all been together ten years, you deserve a ménage	1
Look, I feel heartless, often off this; Feelin’ of fallin’, of fallin’ apart with; Darkest hours, lost it; Fillin’ the void of bein’ employed with ballin’	1
Call it trap ’cause it’s a total setup; Hopin’ that you rappers fall in that	1
She’d teach me how to fly, even cushion my fall; If my engines ever stall and I plummet from the sky; But she will keep me high,	1
Arrow holes that never close from Cupid on a shooting spree	1
We eat each other whenever we at the dinner table	1
I’ve been poppin’, just took three in a row; I’m down to do it again, I’m on a roll	1
The thought’s scary, yo, though and it hurts—brace!	1
Hands up like it’s 12 noon,	1
And I’ma lean, ’til I fall, ooh yeah; And I don’t give a damn; I felt the ground before	1
I don’t love who I am so I’m workin’ on a fix	1
I’m fucked up, but I ain’t as fucked up as you; You just can’t get right, I think your heart made of bullet proof; Should’ve killed yo’ ass long time ago; You should’ve felt that black revolver blast a long time ago	1
How come you shook (From you); When I ain’t took out my hands?	1
No, I don’t ’member you, I don’t intend to; Empty my memory bank; It’s a million dollars in it, baby, Hilary Swank	1
Fanny packs, hourglasses; If time was on my side, I’d still have none to waste	1
I love when you come (I love when you coming); I still feel alone	1
High flights, inhale the vapor, exhale once and think twice	1
Deviated septum, blow hole, sugar cane ko ko	1
Hoping to get you sprung like bail-bonds	1
Yes, I was on the rise, yeast was the street; To make bread, never primary concern   	1
Noses on a rail, little virgin wears the white	1
Blackout, make a motherfucker back out, back (Baow); G’s up, freeze when I put her down; I’m pullin’ up on this pussy and I’m pullin’ out; Rock bottom when I put... (Alright, hold up)	1
Holding flight like a hangar do	1
Baby got a ego twice the size of the crib; I can never tell her shit, it is what it is (What)	1
Fell on my face and awoke with a scar; Another mistake livin’ deep in my heart	1
Lucky days, I’m burnin’ the four-cyl’; Your boy is dusty like brush up a fossil; Hear that shit urk like the noise of a possum; Bitch, I’m a king, I was born in the castle; Built like a boxer, I’m ready to tussle; Fuck on my baby, I’m ready to bust one; Come fuck with me and my dogs; Hate on my ass like in-laws, ugh	1
Now she dances to the song on the minute; Yeah, all the time (All the time), all the time (All the time), oh; It make her weak when she hear it; And it got her on her knees like religion; She was young and she was forced to be a woman; Yeah, all the time (All the time), all the time (All the time)	1
Wait, wait, got the eeriest feelin’; Somethin’ evil is lurkin’, I’m no conspiracy theorist; But somethin’ here is a foot—oh yeah, it’s my dick; Get the measurin’ stick (What?), 12 inches of wood (Haha)	1
Or foreplay-less sex is, which makes me saneless	1
Trying to cash his microphone check, 2-1-2	1
Now, we gon’ break this thing down in just a few seconds; Now don’t have me break this thing down for nothing; Now I want to see y’all on your baddest behavior; Lend me some sugar, I am your neighbor	1
New times are coming just like a virgin	1
